Action: Help
Default Key: F1
Description: Display the keys that functions have been mapped to. This screen can be exited by pressing the key mapped to the Back function.

Action: Menu
Default Key: F2
Description: Used to return to the last menu and cancel any transaction that has not yet been committed.

Action: Back
Default Key: F3
Description: Used to navigate to previous page displayed within a transaction. This key will also exit out of the Help Menu or a list of values.
** The functionality of this key is mobile transaction form dependent.  Some forms may use the F3 key to go back.  However, this may not be available in all forms.

Action: Forward
Default Key: F4
Description: Used to navigate to next page of display within a transaction. The same caveats pertain to Next Page as Previous Page as noted in F3. 

Action: Clear
Default Key: Control-K
Description: Used to clear the field of any input.

Action: LOV
Default Key: Control-L
Description: Used to display the list of available values for a field.

Action: Main Menu
Default Key: Control-N
Description: Used to return to the main menu of a responsibility and cancel any transaction that has not yet been committed.

Action: Message
Default Key: Control-B
Description: Used to display the long description of a message that has appeared on the status bar.

Action: Toggle
Default Key: Control-Z
Description: Used to toggle between options in a list field.
(Note that I have also seen Control-Z mapped to disconnect Telnet session. This immediately prompts the user to cancel the current connection.)

Action: Show Field
Default Key: Control-A
Description: Used to show the current field on the entire page in the case that the field runs off the screen.

Action: Hot Key
Default Key: Esc
Description: Used in conjunction with a button's accelerator key to press that button from anywhere on the page.

Action: Page Up
Default Key: Control-D
Description: Used to retrieve the previous page of information.

Action: Page Down
Default Key: Control-C
Description: Used to retrieve the next page of information.

Action: Generate
Default Key: Control-G
Description: Used on a particular field in Inventory and WMS (e.g., lot number, serial number, license plate number) to generate a new number.

Action: Skip Task
Default Key: Control-S
Description: Used on the task page to skip the current task.

Action: About
Default Key: Control-X
Description: Used to invoke an 'About' page that lists details of the current connection that could be useful in debugging problems.

Action: Flex Popup
Default Key: Control-F
Description: Used to bring up the segment-by-segment entry screen for a flexfield on the mobile user interface. 